run the playbook on multiple hosts with different credentials (#1980)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/configuring-playbook.md

1. edit the inventory hosts file (`inventory/hosts`) to your liking

> 1. if you want to run multiple servers with different credentials, you can copy the sample inventory hosts yaml file for each of your hosts: (`cp examples/host.yml inventory/my_host1.yml` …) and use the [`ansible-all-hosts.sh`](inventory/scripts/ansible-all-hosts.sh) script [in then next step](installing.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (optional, advaned) to run Ansible against multiple servers with different `sudo` credentials, you can copy the sample inventory hosts yaml file for each of your hosts: (`cp examples/host.yml inventory/my_host1.yml` …) and use the [`ansible-all-hosts.sh`](../inventory/scripts/ansible-all-hosts.sh) script [in then installation step](installing.md).
```
